---
title: "XXX_Post Backlog"
date: 2023-04-01T18:24:21+08:00
draft: true
toc: false
images:
tags:
  - untagged
---

General ideas for posts moving into the future:

1. Rig Rundown (Instruments)
    - when the new bass rocks up, make a post showcasing all of the guitars/basses  (and cajon)
    - also discuss your music background as well
        - started with guitar lessons at 8 yrs old, hated it.
        - started with drum lessons at 9 years old, loved it. Was with initial teacher for 2.5 years. had 6 months break then started lessons again for another 8 years.
        - formally trained in jazz and afro-cuban.
        - also had guitar and bass lessons for approximalte 4 years during this time.
        - At school, had music classes from beginning to end. Music and Music Extension were two of my electives in high school, where I got A+'s for both, topping music and coming second in music extension.
        - Did (untuned) percussion and double bass for instrumental music. First chair snare / drum kit from year 9; first chair double bass from year 9 as well.
        - stopped formal lessons during university to focus on studeis. Since moving to PErtth and living that apartment life, have started to focus more on bass guitar now (as evident by the NGD {new gear day} post!)

2. Vinyl Collection
    - list them, possible photos of special ones
    - do this when KKB intro bonito arrives?
    
3. Longer-form weeb reviews
    - If something seems pretty special from episode 1 moving forwards could do this.
    - Otherwise would require a rewatch, so maybe something like Blue Period, Sing Yesterday for me, K-on?
    - Could also do JoJo's part-by-part manga
        - gives excuse to purchase the other parts :smile:

4. In 6 months do a 自己紹介 (jikoshoukai) and write it all in japanese u fkn weeb
    - would make a good 6-monthly progress report to write one post every 6 months and hopefully get better every time.

5. Rig Rundown (tech stack)
    - current pc, old pc, purpose for old pc when move, laptops (purposes for old laptops??), tv, console, record player, google devices

6. could find a paper and see if you can't re-produce the results on public data?

7. Generative AI rant
    - rewrite and expand upon the gen AI rant you made on the work slack haha.
    - actually something tangentially work related to post on!
    - article link: https://aibusiness.com/meta/ai-luminary-yann-lecunn-sets-us-straight-on-generative-ai 
    - copy and pasted here: (quotes from article indented)

As much as I respect LeCun's impact on the field, this definitely reads a bit "yeah maybe what OpenAi has released is cool, but what Meta's got cooking is sooo much cooler".   Probably just my bias against Meta affecting how I interpret the article haha.

        He said multimodal generative AI models are going to provide an advantage to individuals who want to be creative but lack technical skills.
call me a boomer but this is what I dislike about generative AI - no one was born being able to paint, write, or play music. People have to put in the effort to gain those technical skills. Obviously some people are more privileged to work on those skills with less distractions or from an earlier age (see ridiculous attached tweet here https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/2519245-a-23-year-old-sculpted-this-whats-your-excuse , Bernini spent his formative years doing nothing EXCEPT for sculpture), but we live in the age of the internet where there are (free and paid) lessons for everything out there (learn to make charcoal drawings, play the euphonium, storyboarding etc. etc.)

I'm sure there were similar discussions when other disruptive technologies came out (e.g. painters reactions to photography, or digital art) but with the benefit of being in today's age and being able to look back in retrospect, I think it's silly to compare the introduction of photography as an art form to telling a model to "make a picture of a sunset".

The egregious misuse and abuse of image copyright in the training data leaves a very bad taste in my mouth as well.

        ChatGPT has captivated millions of people around the world, but the chatbot and other tools like it are ultimately more effective as "typing, writing aids."
this is what I like about generative AI. These tools should be used as an aid to help solve problems, not as the solution to all problems. If generative AI was the singular solution, we'd all be out of a job (why wouldn't the geo's just tell it to "do ML on the data"?).
In my (albeit limited experience), code generated by ChatGPT has never worked straightaway - I've always had to make modifications to get it working. I'm fine with that, it's giving me a good skeleton code to work with, and that's what I think we should be using it for.

One could probably use my own argument from above against me (someone should learn the technical skills to write that skeleton itself, or alternatively, why can't someone use a generated skeleton as a base image to draw on), but I see creative work separately to 9-5 work (even when someone's 9-5 is creative work). We/humanity are already cyborgs (nsfw, 2.5 hour long very tangential youtube video https://youtu.be/UvYcunuF3Eo), is it wrong to try and keep some humanity in creativity?

A very first-world problem to have, haha.
- ideas to expand upon 
    - why meta is bad and how facebook et al destroyed the anonymity of the internet (whether that is necessarily a bad thing?)
    - expansion upon the humanity are cyborgs and wax lyrical on why creativity should be left for humans and not robots
    - respond to comment:
        - "humanity will warp along with the definition of creativity. All the while always standing at the same point"
        - https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/creative-thinking-past-present-kamran-loghman-1e could be a reference (or point towards references from e.g. creativity 2000+ years ago greeks etc.)



8. A case study on harem manga winners
    - sample top 100 finished harem manga on MAL
    - record summary information on each manga
        - number of years publishing, total number of chapters, weekly/monthly/other publishing, number of harem members, ecchi or not, 
    - record information for each harem member
        - number of years publishing, number of chapters, number of chapters for member to confess, confession/total number ratio,  is the member younger/older/same age, is member childhood friend, is member tsundere/genki/studious/glutton/etc,
    - try and fit a model :upsidedownsmile: